Before March 11: So far, I have created our class diagram and our object diagram, and I created the first drafts of the class files,
including an outdated draft of the ScriptingRule.js file that I will later be redoing in a different format.

On Friday, March 14, I spent around 1 hour making some examples of what scripting rules would look like
for some key interactions in our milestone games, such as moving a rook in chess.

On Monday, March 17, I spent around 1 hour and 50 minutes writing my second version of the ScriptingRule class.

March 19: 57 minutes (3:09 PM to 4:06 PM) were spent doing the start of testing the code I've made so far.
Most of it was spent setting up the testing, not quite doing the testing yet.

March 21: About two hours were spent. Today, I made BGBStructuredClone, made TileType and PieceType actually do things,
added the first four "triggers" for scripts, and tested the scripts and triggers by making the movement rules
for the non-pawn chess pieces (no capturing or collisions yet, just the rules on what directions they're allowed to move).

March 23: Spent around one hour attempting to implement capturing into my testing script
(making progress, but not finished yet)

March 24: Spent around 1 hour and 40 minutes. 35 minutes of this were a group meeting.
The remaining 1 hour and 5 minutes were spent finishing capturing and adding pawns to the chess testing example;
no button support exists yet, so for now promotion is always into a queen.
(this was probably the first item in my timelog that took a lot longer than I expected).

March 25: Spent around 50 minutes wrapping up my chess test example for now, by preventing pieces jumping
and adding the turn structure (only one piece color moves at a time, game ends when a king is captured).

March 26: Group meeting for around 45 minutes, in which we discussed what we've done so far, updated our GANTT chart, and began plans for the UI.

March 27: Group meeting for around 1 hour and 25 minutes, in which we planned who would work on what for the next phase of the project,
creating the UI for game creation. (My main task is the UI for creating scripting rules)

March 28: Spent around 1 hour and 50 minutes making a first draft of how a scripting rule will be displayed for editing
(just display for now, no editing it yet), and starting to add backend support for changing a ScriptingRule that's already made 

March 29: Spent around 2 hours and 10 minutes (of useful time, anyway; plenty of wasted time was mixed in) adding
change-able inputs to the scripting rule visualizer (but not yet changing the types of scripting rules, that's what's next),
during which I added a couple more rule types (Create an Array and two involving global variables).

March 30: Spent around 1 hour and 35 minutes adding a type selector to the scripting rule visualizer (but it doesn't have a sense of context yet),
and added a few more rule types to let you create sprites and select piece/tile types within a scripting rule.

March 31: Group meeting for around 35 minutes, where we discussed our progress on UI editors so far and what needs to be done next on them.
Another 25 minutes or so spent fixing bugs with the scripting rule editor.

April 2: Spent around 2 hours and 20 minutes adding "context" to the scripting rule editor (i.e. which rule types are available
depends on the type of the parent rule), adding new trigger types (Start Turn, End Turn, End Game) for scripting rules,
and making the first draft of the UI for the global scripts editor.

April 3: Group meeting for 1 hour and 10 minutes, in which we solidified some plans for UI editors we haven't finished yet, and discussed next steps, including
plans for getting gameplay buttons and other interactive elements prepared for in the backend and combining UI editors together.

April 4: Spent about 10 minutes properly starting the Button class so that a UI editor for it can be made.

April 5: Spent around 25 minutes working on adding object selecting (for gameplay) to the scripting rules.

April 6: Spent around 20 minutes adding names to ScriptingRules and editing globalScripts.html to reflect this, and adding a
property to scriptingRuleForm where the type of the caller can be stored.

April 7: Group meetings for around 1 hour and 5 minutes, showing each other the editors we had made and discussing what should
be added to them next, then another 30 minutes or so spent implementing some changes discussed in that meeting.

April 9: Spent around 1 hour and 20 minutes adding the object selection stuff to my chess testing example
(and added a couple new scripting rule types).

April 10: Group meeting for around 50 minutes (updated GANTT chart, discussed transition into making the gameplay UI)

April 13: Spent about 40 minutes adding strings as a supported data type into the scripting rules.

April 14: Spent about 40 minutes adding (or at least starting to add?) backend support for hexagonal and triangular boards.

April 15: Spent around 50 minutes: around 10 minutes adding a sprite option to the Add Piece scripting rule,
around 40 minutes ironing out some kinks with the chess testing example that had been created by other updates.

April 16: Spent around 2 hours and 45 minutes making scripting rules for Tic-Tac-Toe, Connect Four, and Checkers examples.

April 17: Group meeting for around 40 minutes, making plans for how we might move forward with the gameplay UI
(though Sophia not being here made this difficult)

April 19: Spent around 35 minutes adding save code method equivalents to my testing zone.

April 20: Spent around 2 hours and 10 minutes (of useful time, at least. I think it took around 4 hours of real time? The 2h10m might be an underestimate)
fixing various bugs that gameplay UI updates have created, creating save codes for my testing examples,
and making it so global variables are now stored within the game state.

April 21: Spent around 2 hours and 30 minutes (also probably an underestimate) updating the way variables are stored to match the way the editors work with them,
adding Start Game trigger to scripting rules, fixing some scripting rule form bugs, and creating a "connect 4 with gravity changes"
example game. Also, group meeting for 1 hour and 25 minutes, in which we updated the GANTT chart, discussed our plans for the demo presentation,
had a couple more bugs fixed, and made some plans for things we want to add after the demo.

April 23: Spent around 15 minutes adding the ability for reporters of object data (like coordinates of a piece) to report on objects other than the caller.

April 24: Spent around 20 minutes adding the presentations and manuals folders to the docs folder.