March 11 - I spent about 3 hours working on the design document and the github README.
I completed the entirety of the Technology Stack, Expected Users, Risks & Mitigations, the Wireframe UI for the Creation Screen, the Mockup UI in Canvas, the Sequence Diagram, and the Testing Plan
The design document was very messy, so I organized it with plenty of headers.
I cleaned up the Project Overview and some other text.

March 12 - 1 Hour meeting with the team in which we discussed our plans to potentially meet over spring break. (this did not really come to fruition)

Over Spring Break - Cumulatively, probably an hour or so was spent making the stubs of the HTML pages, including the index page.

March 26 - Hour long meeting with the team where we discussed our plans for the UI involving our plans for and updated the GANTT chart.
March 31 for 1 hour: had a meeting with the whole team.
April  1: currently working on the peice type and tile type editors for the game builder.
April 3 for 1 hour: had a meeting with the team where we dicsussed how we should split up the editing forms in the creation UI phase.
    I ended up taking on the bulk of the main screen forms and agreed to be the one to connect all of them together.

March 28th - I spent a bit over an hour planning and working on how I wanted the board itself to look. (In a separate file)

March 30th - We met on Zoom for about an hour. We talked about what we had gotten done so far in terms of the Scripting Forms, and I inquired as to whether my way of doing the board would be expandable. 
    Decided to continue with what I had.

--This is when more serious work on the code starts to be completed.--

April 2nd - I spent 2-3 hours working on the Main Screen UI Code 
Added WindowContainer - A draggable, closable window to hold contents of the various Editors.
Added Board Editor
    Store Tile elements in a grid formation. Links to the logical Tile class.
    Added Toolbar - A toolbar that allows tools to be selected within a target space. (the board)
    Added Toolbuttons - Can right click to access alternate tools. Clicking on a tool changes the cursor within the target area to that tool.
    -Added Select/Drag, Zoom In/Zoom Out, Paint, and Eyedropper
        -Implemented Select - Opens Tile editor for Tile (x,y).
        -Implemented Drag - Allows user to move the board around in the window (overflow hidden)
        -Implemented Zoom In / Zoom Out - Allows user to grow/shrink the board within the window.
    Added Tile UI and Tile Editor.
    Tile UI - Displays Tile as div within the grid board.
    Tile Editor - Background Color, Text, Text Color, Add Type (button + dropdown), Add Piece (dropdown)
Added PieceEditor
    Stores Piece Elements in rows of sprites. 
    Added Select, Arrange, and AddPiece tools.
        Implemented Select - Opens the piece Editor for Piece (id)
        Implemented Arrange - Allows dragging to swap piecees around (some edge cases broken.)
        Implemented AddPiece - Adds a new piece with a degault gray square sprite.
    Piece Editor - Shape, Text, Text Color, AddType



April 3rd - We met during class time for just under 90 minutes.
During this time, I pushed the code I had completed so far. having the main screen and most of the scripting rules done was good progress.

April 5th - I spent 5+ish hours working on the Main Screen UI Code.
- Added Save & Close / Cancel (ends up being removed on April 6th)
    -Save & Close - saves changes made to the tile.
    -Cancel (or clicking x) does not save changes made to the tile. Reverts.
- Implemented Eydropper Functionality (Copy Sprites)
- Implemented Paint Functionality (Pastes Sprites to Tile)
- Implemented Paint "Brush". - Paint tool can be dragged 
Added Disable, Show/Hide Pieces, Sprite Preview
    -Implemented Disable - Marks a tile as disabled with a red/black X.
    -Implemented Show/Hide Pieces - 
Right Click to Duplicate / Delete Pieces in the Piece Editor.
Removed Select and Arrange. - Simply differentiates between clicking and dragging.
Fixed Tile Edit Window 
    - Edits to the Tile are now properly saved in the internal logic.
    - You can now add multiple pieces, and the UI copies that of adding Types. 
        -Pieces now split into a grid formation when more than 1 piece is placed on the same tile to show all.
    - You can now properly remove Pieces from the board. (becoming inaccessible)
    - Adding Pieces to the Board no longer takes them from the Piece Editor.
    -Implemented Right Click to Remove Piece from Board
Fixed a lot of other Miscellaneous Bugs, both visible and otherwise.


April 6th - I spent probably cumulatively about 4-5 hours
Added Control Buttons (Preview On/Off, Save Code, Edit)
    First two are currently Dummy functions.
    Edit brings up the Editors Menu.
        Editors Menu - Allows user to Reopen editors after they've been closed. 
    Enforced NO duplicate names within a category. 
Added TypesEditor - Stores Type Elements in Rows
    Added Categories to sort Types by Element (Tile,Piece,Button)
    Added Type UI and Type Edit Window
    Type Editor - Change name, add scripting rules, add type variables (of string, int, or bool) with names and values.
        Clicking the Row opens Type Edit Window
    Type UI - Name, Up Button, Down Button, Duplicate Button, Remove Button.
        Implemented Up Button - Moves type up in category.
        Implemented Down Button - Moves type down in category.
        Implemented Duplicate - Duplicates type (new name given)
        Implemented Remove -Removes type from list and internal storage. 
    Type Edit Window - Add Rules, Add Public Variables (both buttons to dropdown)
        ADD RULES YET TO BE LINKED TO SCRIPTING RULES
Added Buttons Editor.
    Added Scrolling div to allow viewing of all buttons
    Stacked Vertically.
    Added Button Edit Window 
    Button Editor - Name, Button Preview.
        Clicking the Button opens Button Edit Window 
    Button UI - Up, Down, Duplicate, Remove
        Implemented Up Button - Moves Button Up in category.
        Implemented Down Button - Moves Button Down in Category.
        Implemented Duplicate - Duplicates Button (new name given)
        Implemented Remove - Removes type from list and internal storage. 
    Button Edit Sprite Window -  Name, Fill Color, Border Color, Border Radius, Text, Text Color, Click Rules, Visibility Rules
Fixed PiecesEditor.
    Fixed swapping Mechanism to account for edge cases.
    Added Type assignment to Piece Edit Window.
Removed Save/Close and Cancel 
    After a lot of fussing with this mechanic, I decided it caused more trouble than it was worth.
    It would likely not be applied consistently across remaining windows (Types, Globals, etc), 
    so I decided to remove the functionality for now.

Fixed Swapping Mechanism in PieceEditor.
Allow Assignment of Piece Types.
Fixed Types so that the Rows would show up. 


April 8th
Added ButtonEditor
Added Buttons.
Removed ButtonTypes from the UIType Editor
Fixed UI of Type and Button Editors to align more with the Piece Editor with headers.
Made Containers Properly Scrollable.
Enforcing Unique and Non-Empty Names for Public Variables within a Type.
Added a name field to piece
Add an input in the editor window to edit the name.
Update the window header to live update name changes.
Show the name above the piece icon in the PieceEditor (but not the board)
Enforce unique names (on rename and on duplicate)
Auto-generate unique names when a piece is created/duplicated (same as other editors)
Made the ScriptingRuleForm fully dynamic, and contained it within a WindowContainer.
Made the UIScriptingRule to hold the row that opens the Scripting Rule Form.
Fixed If Then Else Headers (incorrectly labeled If Then Then)
Make sure canges to Rule names update in all windows / window headers.
Create Callback for removing a rule.
Clicking an unfocused window will update it.
Connected Scripting Rules by creating a UIScriptingRule to hold  the scripting rule row.
Put scripting rule form into a class that opens a WindowContainer.
Edited ScriptingRule to account for the new Sprite format for tiles and pieces separately.
Removed Sprite class, as it is no longer in use. 
Rewrote the Global Scripts into a general Global Editor class that allows you to edit variables and scripting rules.
Added the preview/layout editor thing that allows the user to move elements around
and resize them on the gameplay screen. Works using percentages. 




April 11th
Fixed the LayoutEditor to remove faulty call. 
Fixed the Board and Piece Editors to link them to the actual types class
Created the overarching save code function. 
Fix the Globalwindow in the Layout Editor to properly save an ordered list of variables to display. 
Fixed the Layout editor window editing features to be clearer.


April 18th - Spent a few hours fixing bugs with the main screen, as I was attempting to create Connect-4 and Chess
Added Colorable SVGs to Piece and Tile Sprites. (Chess, Qwirkle, etc)
Duplicating a Piece no longer copies the Piece location.
Deleting a Piece now updates the Board to remove it from the DOM.
Readded the drag to rearrange feature to the Piece Editor.
Buttons now properly allow adding visibility and click scripts.
Adding Rules to Piece types now actually adds the rules to the logic.
Fixed loadcode functions. 
Pieces on tiles are now listed by name rather than by ID.
Add Copy / Paste functions to Scripting RUles 
Fix Copy to deep-clone nested scripting rules.
Fix a DOM error from trying to replaceChild when it shouldn't.
Fixed Globals LayoutBox erasing innerHTML on resize. 
Fixed default background and border colors to use rgba.
Removed close button to avoid conflicts with the toggle button.

