Welcome to the The Board Game Builder.
This program will allow you to create your own board game using the editors that are
provided. To start creating your own board game, you want to press the create button
on the home menu screen, this will take you to the create menu where you can
determine the board shape, hieght, and length. The create menu will be explained 
futher later on. Once youve done that, you can start 
creating the scripting rules for specific events, tiles, pieces, and buttons using 
the if-then-else psuedo language that is in the scripting rules editor. In this 
editor you can select the certain properties, events, and rules for a certain 
object, like a tile or a button. You have a lot of control over the rules and 
scripting in this editor. 
The Edtitors:
Once you have added some scripting rules and given them names, they can be used in 
the TileType, PieceType and Button editors, in these editors, you can add one or more 
scripting rules that you have made into a piece or tile type, or button and give that 
type a name. You can go to the scripting tule editor by clicking the "edit button"  on
the selected scripting rule. You are able to delete the added scripting rules or saved
types by clicking the 'x' button beside them. After you have made all of the types and
buttons you need, you can use them in the create menu.
The Create Menu:
The create menu is where you can assign tiles, pieces, and buttons there types and functionality.
This is where you determined the board size and shape and the number of players ealier.
This is where you will take the pieces, tiles, and buttons you have made place them on the
board to determine the starting position of the board game with however many active pieces,
tiles and buttons that you want. This menu has many tools for you to use, there is the copy,
paste, zoom in, select, and toggle piece visability. On this menu you will be able to save the
board game 
GamePlay:
Now that you have created and saved your board game, you can head to the main menu and click play,
this will ask you to upload your json file that you saved. After you do, you can begin the 
gameplay. This will play however you created it and follow all the rules that you made. Once the game
over condition is met winner screen and will be prompted to play again or head back to the main menu. 
